So we've enjoyed our time here, enjoyed the good weather
we had the first couple of days,
and praise the Lord for the rain out there.
It's good to see the rain.
We got a lot of rain in California this year.
It ended our drought.
We thank God for that because we were really
in serious drought conditions.
So we're glad that the Lord blessed us this past year
and answered prayer, and we saw a lot of rain out there,
so we were glad for that.
Well, just a quick introduction.
I'm Paul Mershon.
I'm from Mira Mesa Bible Baptist Church
in the beautiful city of San Diego.
In fact, our motto is America's Finest City.
We agree with that.
So we love our city.
We live north of the city up in the foothills,
almost 1,000 feet, and we love where we live.
We're in an orange grove, a couple acres,
and it's quiet up there, and we got the coyotes
and rattlesnakes and the bobcats
and all the rest of that run around up there,
but we love it up there.
It's a real blessing to live in that area
of Southern California.
My wife and I, Linda, we've been married 58 years now.
We have one daughter, just one child,
and she has five, and they're all adults, now all married.
We have 14 great-grandchildren.
Praise the Lord for that, amen?
And you say, now, Brother Mershon,
you don't look old enough to have 14 great-grandchildren.
Thank you, I appreciate that.
Praise the Lord.
We got married young.
I was 10 and she was eight.
And we did get married young,
and we tend to do that in our family.
Why, I don't know, but we do, and we're glad we did.
So Linda and I have been partners in life and ministry
all these years, and I thank God for my precious wife.
She's a blessing to me.
She travels everywhere with me.
I don't take meetings unless she goes.
She has to come with me,
and I don't want to be without my wife,
so I thank the Lord for her,
and she's been a blessing all these years.
She takes care of the finances.
She takes care of scheduling my meetings, amen?
She washes my clothes.
She cooks my meals.
Praise the Lord, amen?
That's a good thing, eh?
Aren't you glad?
I mean, she does all that for me,
and I just can't get, when we were pulling the RV,
I couldn't get her to pull the RV.
She wouldn't drive the truck, so I had to do all that,
but I praise the Lord for her.
We're from Miriam Mason Bible Baptist Church
in San Diego.
My pastor's Willie Dale.
We're a Filipino church.
You notice I'm not Filipino,
but we have worked with Filipino people for years.
I spent a lot of time in the Philippine Islands
and fell in love with the Filipino people
and the Philippines itself.
If God allowed me to be a missionary down there,
I would have been there years ago,
but God's never given me permission
to do mission work in the Philippines.
We've been back down there and preached
and been in several churches in the Philippines.
There's a major moving of God going on
in the 7,043 islands of that great country.
The population now is getting close to 100 million people.
Now, that country is being evangelized in a great way,
and we thank God for that.
So the Filipino people now,
there's a lot of independent Baptist churches
that have been established in the country.
They've got Bible colleges going on, Bible institutes,
and they're planning mission works all over the world
out of the Philippines.
And they say in the next five years,
they'll be the greatest missionary sending nation
on the face of the earth.
They have missionaries there.
You can go anywhere in the world, you'll find Filipinos.
My pastor was recently in the Middle East,
and he was preaching in underground churches there
in Dubai and Bahrain, Bahrain, and then was up in Italy.
And he said, man, there's Filipino churches
because there's a lot of Filipinos
that are working in the Middle East.
And they go in there and they plant churches.
And so we're thankful for what they're doing.
We love our pastor.
We love our church family.
He's getting ready to retire.
We have a new young man that's come in.
We think he's gonna be taking the church.
We're glad for that
because he's just a really good young fellow.
So we're excited about what God is doing.
So we're glad to be with you, amen.
And we appreciate you.
I want you to know right from the very beginning,
we love you and we care about you
and we care about your pastor and his family.
As he said, I was his pastor at one time.
He just had brother Derrick Thomas here.
I was his pastor also.
One time I was ascending pastor when he went to Lithuania.
Now, of course, he's working in Ukraine
with Slavic Baptist missions there,
Slavic Baptist Institute.
So brother Derrick and I are close friends.
So I'm glad he was here and able to share with you
what God's doing there in Ukraine.
Take your Bible and turn with me to,
if you will, please, Jeremiah chapter 33.
Now, I'm not going to preach out of this chapter.
I'm gonna go back to the New Testament,
but I want you to look at Jeremiah chapter 33
as we begin this revival meeting.
This may be one of the most important statements I make
at the beginning of this meeting.
I'm gonna be sharing a lot of different things
with you through the week,
but this is one of the most important statements
I can possibly make as we begin this meeting.
I see this as an imperative,
what I'm gonna share with you right now.
This is a revival meeting imperative.
In Jeremiah chapter 33,
a familiar portion of scripture says this,
beginning in verse one,
"'Moreover, the word of the Lord came unto Jeremiah
the second time while he was yet shut up
in the court of the prison, saying,
thus saith the Lord, the maker thereof,
the Lord that formed it to establish it,
the Lord is his name.'"
Now look at verse 33, it says,
"'Call,' it says, "'call unto me,
and I will answer thee.'"
Now listen, when God answers,
He may say yes, no, or wait.
Did you ever think about that when you pray?
Sometimes God will say yes and answer the prayer.
Sometimes He'll say no, and sometimes He'll say wait.
But I guarantee you, God's gonna answer prayer
one way or the other.
And we sure wanna see God answer prayer this week.
So He said, "'Call unto me, and I will,'
that's a great promise of scripture,
"'I will answer thee and show thee great and mighty works
or mighty things which thou knowest not.'"
Now the word there, call, in verse three,
is an interesting word.
It's a Hebrew word, kora, and it means this.
It means to cry out, to cry for help,
to utter a loud sound, or to plead.
So God's literally saying here,
I want you to plead with me.
I want you to call out to me.
I want you to cry out.
I want you to cry out in a distinct and definite manner.
I need to hear from you.
And I guarantee you, you're gonna hear from me, amen?
And notice He said, listen, He said,
"'Once again, call unto me, and I will answer thee
"'and show thee great and mighty things.'"
That word mighty there, if you were to consider
what was synonymous with it, be the word supernatural.
And supernatural things which thou knowest not.
God does supernatural things.
We serve a powerful God, would you agree?
And I thank God for that.
Now let me say this, God is only limited by our unbelief.
The only thing that limits God's working is our unbelief.
Now I'll tell you what, I'm believing God for revival.
Now God can only send revival if we plead with Him for it.
And what I say in Sunday school,
we have to meet the requirements to have revival
if my people which are called by my name
will humble themselves and pray and seek my face
and turn from their wicked ways.
Those four prerequisites must be met by God's people.
Leave any one of them out,
and we're not going to see revival.
So God puts it on us.
God says, if you will, I will.
You see that in Malachi chapter three,
God said, if you will, I will.
And then sometimes I think God says, you first.
You go first.
Now we don't respond to God that way,
there's not much you can do.
Now Lord, listen, I want to come before you
and I want to humble myself.
I want to come broken.
Lord, I want to humble myself before you,
I don't want to hide anything,
don't want to cover anything up,
I don't want to hold anything back.
I want to come and I just want to come broken.
I want to humble myself before you.
I'm going to seek you in prayer.
I'm going to bow myself before you.
And oh, and I'm going to turn from my wicked ways.
It's an amazing thing that God says that to his own people,
the children of Israel, and he says the same thing to us.
He said, and sometimes people say,
that doesn't go down well with me, but it's what God said.
I'm not going to change the word of God.
God wrote it, I quoted, he said,
you need to turn from your wicked ways.
Anything that's in violation of God's word is wicked.
Any sin that we commit against God is wicked.
Amen.
And God says, you know what, you know, folks,
you just need to realize the importance
of meeting these prerequisites.
And I'm more than willing to open up the windows of heaven
and pour out a blessing and a great blessing
if you would just meet the requirements from the heart.
It just goes through the motions on the outside.
I've seen people do that.
I've seen a lot of people come to the altar and make decisions.
Their heart was stirred in the message,
but they weren't changed.
They get up from the altar, walked out the door,
they weren't out the door 20 minutes,
and the devil stole from their breast,
stole from their heart that which the Holy Spirit
had accomplished during the course of the meetings.
So we need to be honest with God this week
and come clean with him.
I don't bring revival.
I'm just a servant of the King.
I'm just the sorriest preacher God ever had,
but I give it my best shot, I'll tell you that.
Just preach what God wants us to hear.
I need to hear it too.
I want you to understand that I don't preach anything here
this week that I don't need myself.
So we need to be all prepared.
The preparation of the heart is so important for us.
That's why I'm glad the pastor has prayer here
before the service tonight,
and we had prayer this morning
before we got into the activities of the morning service,
and we'll have prayer through the week,
but you need to make sure that you spend time
with the Lord alone by yourself
and have that secret time with him.
I remember many years ago,
we had a nationally known preacher
came to our church in Temecula, California,
and I knew he was coming,
and a couple months out before he got there,
at least it was a month and a half,
maybe two months before he got there,
I just spent some time with the Lord,
and I said, listen, when he's here,
I want you to speak to my heart through that brother.
And I started preparing my heart,
and I just needed help.
And he came, and I'll tell you what,
that brother hadn't opened his mouth and wasn't in,
in the pulpit 15 minutes, and the Holy Spirit of God fell on me. And he was there with us,
I think, two or three days. And throughout the entire time he was with us, every message
he preached, I mean, God just took that message and just absolutely and positively cleaned
me out. And that's what God wants to do. We have to meet with Him, and we have to do business
with Him. So I'm praying that this week as we gather together here in the house of God
that we'll be prepared when we come, that our hearts are prepared. Now you know what
God says, two times He says this in the Old Testament, He said, listen, break up your
fallow ground. God won't break it up, we have to break it up. That's my responsibility.
God says, break up your fallow ground. So in other words, fallow ground is ground that
is not being used, and it's fallow, it's not being, nothing's growing on it, but it's
still pliable, it's still able to be used, you can still plant in it, you can still get
some fruit out of it, but you have to break it up. Just like the farmer breaks up the
ground when he gets ready to plant. God said, you need to break up your fallow ground so
I can sow the seed of gospel truth in your heart. I can sow the seed of my word in your
heart so that it can accomplish something and it can bear fruit. So we need to break
up our fallow ground this week. Amen. Hebrews chapter 11, please, or Hebrews chapter 10
rather. Hebrews chapter 10 in your Bible this morning in verse 37, one verse we're going
to look at here, then we'll get into the message and we'll look at some more scripture along
the way. Hebrews chapter 10 in verse 37, it's a wonderful little verse of scripture. I'm
going to start with that today because every time I read through it, it just excites me
and I'm going to show you in a minute why. Hebrews chapter 10 in verse 37. When you arrive
there, if you can, if you will, please, would you stand with me, please, out of respect
and reverence, regard for the infallible and inspired and earned word of God preserved
for us in English language and the old King James Bible. Amen. Hebrews chapter 10 in verse
37, I'll read, you can follow with me, then we'll pray and get into the message God has
for us this morning. Here in Hebrews chapter 10 verse 37, I see this. Now take note of
this for yet a little while. Now this was written 2000 years ago. You know, back in
that day, they were looking for the soon return of the Lord Jesus. They were looking for the
outtaking of the saints. They were looking for the trump of God, the shout of the archangel
and the cry, come up hither. They were looking for the rapture. Do you know, or you realize
this morning, beloved, there's not one single prophecy needs to be fulfilled in order for
the Lord Jesus to come back and rapture us out of here. Amen. Now I'm not looking for
the undertaker. I'm looking for the upper taker. You've heard that before, but I'm saying
it again. I'm not looking for the undertaker. I'm looking for the upper taker. Now I don't
have much time left in the earth at my age, so I'm trusting that perhaps He'll come in
the next couple of days. Maybe He'll come this morning before we get out of here. Every
morning I get up, I say, maybe even today. Every morning, the prayer of my heart is the
last prayer of the Bible. Even so, come Lord Jesus. I don't know about you, but I'm excited
about His coming. We were talking about that this morning. He said, for yet a little while,
and he that shall come will come. Now let's see this, and will not tarry. And will not
tarry. Now, friends, listen. One of the most precious doctrines of the Bible is the doctrine
of imminency. I believe in the imminent, the soon return of the Lord Jesus Christ. It can
be at any time. Everybody says, well, you have to meet certain world conditions in order
for Him to come back. No, you don't. Everything's all in place already. Amen. Now we know there's
a lot of prophecy. We can look at the Bible. We can see that there's prophecy that's starting
to, the precursors are starting to show up on the scene that is indicative of the tribulation
hour. By the way, I'm not going to be here. How about you? I'm pre-tribulational, man.
I'm out of here, man. You want to stay for mid-trib, post-trib, up yourself. But man,
I'll tell you what, at the trumping shout, I'm gone, praise the Lord. And you're in trouble
if you aren't going with me. So when I look at this, I think, well, you know what? We
always say the same thing. We say it over and over again. Well, the Lord tarries. Well,
we got to do this, the Lord tarries. I'm going to have you sit in a minute. Well, we're going
to go ahead and we're going to do that, and the Lord tarries. We're going to get into
a building program, but the Lord tarries. Well, we're going to go do this, and the Lord
tarries. I'm going to tell you what, friends, the Bible says He's not going to tarry. Jesus
is coming right on schedule. And when the Father, one day the Father is going to turn
to His Son, He's going to say, Son, go get your children. Son, go get your children.
And it'll be worth it all when we see Jesus. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown
in the new Jerusalem. I just think about that every day. I think, Lord, even today, maybe
today, Lord, even today, I'm weary of this world. Oh, God. Someone said to me, listen,
you Christians just won't look for the rapture to get out of here. I said, amen. That's good
for me, and I hope it's good for you. Father, we thank You for Your precious Word this morning,
and what a tremendous, wonderful truth we've just seen in this one verse. And God, we're
glad that You're not going to tarry. We are thankful that Jesus is coming soon. We're
glad for that. And, Lord, I pray that it might even be today. We may not even finish
this service. I'd rejoice if You came this morning. So, Lord, speak to our hearts this
morning. Help me as I try to share Your Word. Help me to rightly divide the Word of truth.
It's going to be a simple message, but yet it's so needed. It's, I need it this morning.
I pray You'd speak to all of us. So, God, I pray now as we look into Your Word, bless
our time together. Fill me with Thy Spirit, God, anoint my lips, and might You be glorified
and honored in all that's said and done. We'll thank You for it in Jesus' name. Amen.
Thank you. You may be seated.
In John chapter 2, if you want to turn there, I'm going to probably just read some Scripture
so you don't have to do a lot of turning. But in John chapter 2, I'm going to show you
a couple of things here, and we're going to move on to some other Scripture as well. But
before I look at this, John chapter 2, we're going to look down to the bottom portion of
this and then chapter 3.
Back in the 1970s, there was a revival spirit going on in America. Now, I don't know how
many of you were saved during that time and were around. Some of you were maybe even in
this church during that time. I noticed this church was established in 1958, so this church
has been around for a while. And some of you may have been here, maybe even in the late
50s, early 60s. I don't know. I don't know when you became part of this congregation.
But many of you that are here that are my age probably can remember that in the 70s
we had some kind of a revival spirit going on in our churches here in America. We especially
saw it in California. And we saw churches being planted. We would have revival meetings.
We'd have churches from all over the area would come and support each other's revival
meetings. We'd fill up auditoriums. I mean, I'm talking about the overflowing. I can remember
having seven, eight, nine churches gather together in the old Palm Road Baptist Church
in Poway, California. We'd put about 1,000 people in there for a revival meeting. And
I mean, they'd come every night. We had a citywide crusade in San Diego. Average attendant,
every single night, the average attendant, this was all independent Baptist churches
like this one here supporting that meeting. Every single night we had an average between
7,500 to 9,000 people in those meetings. Now I'm not just talking about numbers. I'm talking
about a spirit, a moving of the Spirit of God in those days where we saw a lot of people
get saved. I can remember in the church that we were members in, I was a youth director
there, first youth director in that church. It was started in 1973. And by 1975, 76, the
building was packed. And I cannot remember a Sunday when somebody did not walk the aisle
in that church and get saved. I don't remember a week when we had a church member or church
members bring people to church and walk the aisle with them to make a public profession
of faith that had been saved during the week because the church members were leading them
to Christ. I can't remember a Sunday when we didn't baptize. Well, friends, that's all
changed. Something happened in the 80s. It was like a switch got flipped. And I've noticed
that over the years, and this is my own personal opinion, maybe you've seen something different,
but over the years there's been a whole lot less rapture preaching than we used to have
in the 70s. Man, we were preaching on the rapture, I mean, all the time. You heard rapture
preaching everywhere you went. It seemed like people were ready. They were excited about,
they were enthusiastic about the soon return of Jesus. And we were here and preaching on
that. We would have prophecy conferences. We'd have at least one or two of them a year
in our church, our little church in Escondido, California. And we were looking for something
to happen. Now today we just kind of settled on our leaves and we just kind of settled
into churchianity and we just are kind of satisfied with where we're at. And listen,
friends, we ought never be satisfied with where we are.
Now someone said to me, now, Brother Meshon, this sounds like a real downer to me. It sounds
like it's a real negative. No, it's not at all, because I still believe with all my heart
and soul that we can still experience revival in the household of faith in these last days.
Wouldn't it be wonderful when Jesus came back, He found us on fire? Amen. Let me say this.
If this church caught on fire for the Lord, and this is a good church, by the way, you're
sweet people. So I'm not, this is not a condemnatory statement. If that church were to catch on
fire and the word got out, the whole town want to show up and watch you burn. We had
that happen in Baghdad, Arizona 20 or some years ago. We had revival break out in a little
town of Baghdad, Arizona. It's a mining town. And there were seven churches in that little
town of 5,500. Now they weren't all Baptist churches, but they heard about the revival
that broke out there. On Wednesday night, the whole town showed up.
to see what was going on.
Remember that?
The whole town showed up.
Everybody came.
They shut down their midweek service
and they all showed up for our revival meeting.
And I said, well, praise the Lord, man.
We got a crowd here tonight.
I mean to tell you, God was moving and God was working
in a supernatural, powerful way.
I've seen this with my own eyes.
And I had nothing to do with it, man.
I just preached the word and stepped back
and watched God do something.
And that thing went on.
I mean, it went all week long.
Do you know that church had prayer meetings
and shift change time?
When they would change shift,
those miners would work 12 hours on, 12 hours off
in that copper mine.
And when they would change shifts,
they'd have prayer meeting.
So the shift going on would have prayer meeting,
go to work, the shift coming off,
come have prayer meeting.
They did that for two or three months.
I mean, I went over and joined with them.
He got there early.
These men were on their knees pleading with God
to do something.
And he did.
And I said, man, it's almost like a reset back to the 70s.
Now, this was not a great awakening going on in America
at that time because we hadn't really had
a great awakening throughout the entire 20th century.
No great awakenings like the first and second
great awakening took place in the 20th century.
God was not pleased to send revival to America
in the 20th century on a large scale.
But we were seeing these little pockets
of revival going on.
And everybody's preaching on the rapture.
Well, I think people, when it didn't happen,
I think people got discouraged.
I said, why are you discouraged?
You shouldn't be discouraged.
He's coming.
He's just not coming on your time schedule.
He's not operating on your clock.
He's operating on his schedule.
He's operating on his clock.
And when he's ready to snatch us out of here,
he's coming back.
Now, here's my question.
I'm gonna move into this message a little bit more.
Here's my question.
Are you ready?
I mean, are you ready?
I'm just saying this.
Are you saved?
Are you ready?
You don't wanna get left behind.
I guarantee you, you don't wanna get left behind.
But now listen, now, if you're saved by the grace of God,
if you're washed in the blood of the Lamb,
the question's still very relevant.
Are you ready?
If Jesus were to come today
and give us that glorified body,
amen, boy, think about that.
We'll see that in a minute.
If he were to come today,
and you were to stand before him,
in what spiritual shape would you be in?
Would he find you waiting?
Would he find you looking?
Would he find you living clean?
Would he find you living pure?
Would he find you living holy?
Would he find you living separated?
Sanctified and consecrated?
Or would he find you living worldly?
Listen, the Bible says those who live godly in Christ Jesus
will suffer persecution, not the worldly.
One of the reasons the devil leave people alone today,
I'm talking about saved people,
the reason the devil leaves you alone
is because you're living for the world, not for Christ.
And the devil leave you alone because,
listen, let me tell you this right now,
the devil's not interested in messing around with you
if you're not living for Jesus.
He loves it when you're not living for the Lord.
You start living for him, I guarantee,
the devil ain't gonna like it, he's coming after you.
I get concerned if he doesn't.
I gotta say, Lord, what's going on with me?
Am I missing something here?
It's not that I'm inviting his attacks and his persecution,
it's just I know that it's coming
if I'm gonna live for him.
Then we have to think about
the judgment seat of Christ for believers,
the first event after we're raptured out of here,
and the marriage supper, the lamb, the last,
before we return with Christ.
There ain't rule with him for 1,000 glorious years
on this earth during the millennium.
I have to think about the fact the Bible says
that the day will come that I will stand
before the judgment bar, before the Lord Jesus Christ,
the judgment seat of Christ for believers, the abema seat,
and I'm gonna have to give an answer
for everything done in the body,
everything done in this world, when I lived in this life,
everything done in the body would be good or bad.
I'm gonna have to answer for that.
Now, I don't wanna have to give a bad answer.
We're gonna have to answer.
Better be prepared and be ready when he comes.
I'm telling you, he's coming.
It's a sure event.
It's an absolute event, it's going to happen.
Look at it, 1 John 2, let's go there.
1 John 2 and verse 26.
I'm gonna move quickly, so stick with me.
I'll probably just read some of this
without you having to turn there, but listen.
1 John 2 and verse 26, he said this.
He said, these things are written unto you,
concerning them that seduce you.
But the anointing which you have received in him
abideth in you, and ye need not that any man teach you,
but as the same anointing teacheth you of all things,
and is truth, and is no lie,
and even as it hath taught you, ye shall abide in him.
Now look, verse 28.
And now, little children, look.
And now, little children, abide in him.
What does it say in John chapter 15, abide in me?
Abide in me.
You wanna have the joy of the Lord,
there's two things you need to do, abide and obey.
We see that in John chapter 15.
He said, now, little children,
abide in him that when he shall appear,
oh yeah, there it is.
When he shall appear, we may have confidence
and not be ashamed before him at his coming.
Okay, now, if you read that the way I read that,
you've got the right kind of Bible.
Basically, what it says is this.
It's possible to be ashamed before him at his coming.
I do not wanna be ashamed before him at his coming.
Verse 29, if you know that he is righteous,
you know that everyone that doeth righteousness
is born of him.
Oh, now, wait a minute.
Did you see the word doeth?
If you've ever looked it up at your Bible,
if you ever look at the Strong's Concordance
and figure out how many times the word do appears
in the Bible, it appears a lot.
God has given us things to do.
He said, now, he said, you know,
everyone that doeth righteousness is born of him.
That's the evidence of salvation,
the desire to live righteous in Christ Jesus.
That doesn't mean that we live that way all the time.
There's times we get out of fellowship with God,
when we backslide.
Someone said, oh, but Brother Meshonder,
there's no backslide in New Testament Christianity.
Oh, yes, there is.
And you know that we can backslide,
get out of fellowship with the Lord.
Now, that happens to us.
However, somewhere along the line,
God will get us back on track again
because he loves us and cares for us,
and he'll chasten us back into fellowship if he needs to.
I'm glad for that, aren't you?
That's the evidence of salvation, amen.
Chapter three and verse one, it says,
behold, in other words, in common vernaculars,
look at here, behold, what manner.
I like that.
I like what it says right there.
It says, what manner, what quality of what character
of what manner of love the Father bestowed upon us
that we, that we should be called the sons of God,
that we should be called the sons of God.
Therefore, the world knoweth us not.
Well, it doesn't know him, so it doesn't know us either.
The world does not understand us
because the world doesn't understand him.
So it says here, behold, what manner of love
the Father bestowed upon us
that we should be called the sons of God.
Therefore, the world knoweth us not because it knew him not.
Behold this, beloved, now, now are we the sons of God.
That's present tense, amen.
I'm a child of the king.
I'm a king's kid, praise the Lord.
Beloved, now are we the sons of God,
and it doth not yet appear what we shall be.
But we know, we know that when he shall appear,
we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is.
Now watch verse three.
And every man that hath this hope in him
purifies himself even as he is pure.
Are you ready?
I mean, it's a valid question, are you ready?
I mean, God says that we can be ashamed
of what is appearing and we're not living right
as a Christian.
And then it says over here that, listen,
every man that hath this hope in him,
I've got the blessed hope.
I'm a child of God, I belong to him.
I'm not my own, the Bible says we're not our own,
we're bought with a price.
I belong to him, I'm his child.
And so God expects of me to live a holy life.
So he says, and every man that hath this hope in him,
now listen, I've got the blessed hope.
I know he's coming, I know he's coming soon, amen,
because it says it in the blessed book.
And every man that hath this hope in him
purifies himself even as pure.
So God wants us to live a pure life.
I ought to preach on holiness this week.
I know what it is, a lot of people are afraid of holiness.
They say, well, if you start preaching on holiness,
they'll think you're Pentecostal.
Has nothing to do with Pentecostalism.
It has everything that the Bible teaches,
be holy from holy, God says, amen?
So I think it's important for us to realize
how important it is for us to have a holy,
separated, sanctified, godly life in Christ Jesus.
Now, you don't have to go there unless you want to,
but I'm gonna go to Titus chapter two now,
and I'm gonna look at something here in Titus chapter two
that I think is a real blessing.
Titus chapter two, and I'm gonna start there in verse 11.
It says this, for the grace of God
that bringeth salvation hath appeared unto all men.
Well, why?
Because all sin comes short of the glory of God.
There's none righteous, no, not one.
There's none that doeth good.
Teaching us, look at this, teaching us, the saved,
that denying ungodliness and worldly lusts,
we should live soberly, righteously,
and godly in this present world.
Looking, oh yes, amen, looking for that blessed hope
and the glorious appearing of the great God
and our Savior, Jesus Christ,
who gave himself for us that he might redeem us
from all iniquity and purify himself
that peculiar people zealous of good works.
That word peculiar is an interesting word.
It comes from the Greek word, periuseos,
and it means this, it means being.
on the usual, special, or set aside.
I like that.
Do you know the Bible says you and I
were saved by the grace of God are special?
Did you know that?
That's what it means, per iusios.
We're special in the sight of God.
Why?
Because we're His children.
We belong to Him.
No, aren't your kids special?
Amen?
Somebody said to me, not my kids, I don't know.
No, we're special in His sight because we're His.
We've been bought with a price,
ransomed in the blood of Jesus, amen?
So we're special.
So it says, who gave Himself for us
that He might redeem us from all iniquity
and purify Himself of peculiar people?
Look what it says, zealous of good works.
Zealous of good works.
We should be zealous of good works,
and we should be living like that.
We should be living in a manner
which demonstrates the fact that we're His child,
we belong to Him, we're saved, we're born again,
washed in the blood of the Lamb.
Why would we be zealous about doing good works?
Amen?
1 Thessalonians chapter four.
We all know this passage of Scripture,
but if you want to go there, go with me.
I love it, it's a wonderful passage of Scripture.
1 Thessalonians chapter four, verse 13.
It says this,
but I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren,
concerning them which are asleep, that you sorrow not,
these that have died in Christ and gone on before,
that you sorrow not, even as others which have no hope.
For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again,
even so them also which sleep in Jesus
will God bring with Him.
For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord,
that we which are alive and remain
unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent
them which are asleep.
For the Lord Himself shall descend from heaven
with a shout, with the voice of the archangel,
with the trumpet of God,
and the dead in Christ shall rise first.
Someone said to me, I'll show you this in a minute,
that they said the word rapture is not in the Bible,
or the word trinity is in the Bible either.
Well, we believe in a triune Godhead,
the hypostatic union.
So it says, for the Lord Himself shall descend from heaven
with a shout, with the voice of the archangel,
with the trumpet of God,
and the dead in Christ shall rise first.
Verse 17, then we which are alive
and remain should be caught up.
The word caught up is from the Greek word harpazo.
And you know what that word means?
Means to carry off.
It means to snatch up.
It means to grasp hastily.
It means to rapture.
There it is right there.
Those two words give reference to the rapture, amen.
Then we which are alive remain should be caught up
together with them in the clouds.
Now we'll be caught up together with them.
They have six more feet to go than we do
because they'll resurrect out of the grave.
We'll be all be caught up together.
And a glorified body, we're gonna get a glorified body.
We'll talk about that in a minute.
To meet in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air,
and so shall we ever be with the Lord, amen.
And then it says, wherefore comfort one another
with these words.
Man, we used to say all the time, Maranatha, Maranatha.
You know what that means, the Lord cometh.
Maranatha, we ought to comfort each other with these words.
Hey, you know what, friends, Jesus is coming soon.
That comforts me.
It comforts me.
It is referenced the same thing over in the next chapter.
We ought to comfort one another with these words.
We're too busy talking about all this negative stuff.
Hey, we've gotten so negative.
Look how quiet when I said that.
We've gotten negative, friends.
We have become a negative society, a negative culture.
Everybody's complaining about everything all the time.
Nobody likes anything anymore.
Everything's falling apart.
I mean, everybody's moaning and complaining
and everything else.
I'm gonna tell you what, when I stop thinking
about what it says right here in this passage of Scripture,
and I realize the day's coming when Jesus is gonna come
and snatch me off the face of this earth
and give me a glorified body,
and I'm gonna look like Jesus,
I'm gonna tell you what, the negativity goes away.
I don't wanna live in a negative aura.
I don't wanna live in a negative world.
I get sick of it.
This morning, I just happened,
I said this to the men yesterday,
I just happened to speak to a couple of the men
and I said, you know what,
I said this to the men yesterday,
I just happened to spend a few minutes looking at the news,
and I thought, this isn't news.
This is conditioning.
All they're trying to do is condition me.
They're just trying to manipulate me.
They're just trying to get me on board
with all this negative nonsense.
And it's just like, we're at war with ourselves, friends.
We go in, an internal war going on here.
And I'm thinking, well, I don't wanna live
in a world like this.
No, I don't live in an unrealistic world.
I don't wanna live in a world of fantasy
or make believe.
This isn't Disneyland that we're living in.
This is a wicked fallen by world
and it's not gonna get any better.
So I need to comfort myself with these words.
Maranatha, amen, he's coming.
And we ought to have that upper look of expectation
and be eternity minded because I'm gonna tell you what,
this world is not my home.
I'm just passing through, man,
my citizenship's in glory, amen.
I see that over in Hebrews chapter 11.
I tell you what, I thank God for that promise.
And so we need to recognize how important it is
to comfort ourselves with these words.
First Corinthians chapter 15.
Ah, familiar passage of scripture again,
just preached to you the other day at a funeral.
First Corinthians chapter 15, another familiar passage.
In verse 50, now it says this,
"'Now this I say, brethren, that flesh and blood
"'cannot inherit the kingdom of God,
"'neither doth corruption inherit incorruption.
"'Behold, I show you a mystery.
"'We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed.
"'In a moment, in a twinkling of an eye,
"'at the last trump, for the trumpets will sound,
"'and the dead shall be raised incorruptible,
"'and we shall all be changed, amen.
"'For this corruptible must put on incorruption,
"'and this mortal must put on immortality.
"'So when this corruptible shall put on incorruption,
"'and this mortal shall put on immortality,
"'then shall be brought to pass the saying
"'that is written, death is spoiled up in victory.'"
Look at this, here it is.
"'Oh, death, where is thy sting?
"'Oh, grave, where is thy victory?
"'Well, the sting of death is sin,
"'and the strength of sin is the law,
"'but thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory
"'through our Lord Jesus Christ.'"
Wow, I'll tell you what, what a joy it is to read
that precious portion of scripture,
and know that death has no hold over me.
I mean, if you die in Christ before the rapture takes place,
yeah, they're gonna put your body in the ground
and be asked to be present with the Lord.
One day, body, soul, and spirit
will be reunited at the rapture,
but the thing of the matter is,
to be asked to be present with the Lord,
we're gonna be with the Lord Jesus anyway.
I'm looking forward to that day.
If I go out by death, that's fine with me.
Death has no hold over me.
There's no sting in death.
Grave has no victory over me.
I thank God for that.
That's a precious promise.
Amen.
John chapter 14.
Now, if you're still going to follow along with me,
we're going over to John chapter 14.
I'm almost done reading scripture,
but John chapter 14, verse one,
here's another precious promise.
Jesus speaking here, I think specifically to Peter,
if you read the last part of John 13,
but also the rest of the disciples, and now to you and me.
In John chapter 14, I read this.
Let not your heart be troubled.
Now, I'll tell you, during COVID, boy, it was amazing to me.
I have never seen so many Christian people
wringing their hands and troubled by a virus.
Oh yeah, a lot of people got sick and people died,
and we know that.
I got COVID.
My wife and I got it.
My daughter's had it three times.
We've got friends that have long COVID.
So it's a bad virus.
We know that.
But really, when it comes down to it,
why should we who know Christ allow it to control us
and back us into a corner of fear
and trouble us to the point
to where we end up just falling apart emotionally
and spiritually?
I mean, we need to be wise,
as serpents and harmlessness does.
We know that.
We need to be wise about things,
but we don't need to be foolish either.
Jesus said this.
He said, let not your heart be troubled.
We live in a troubled world.
We live in troubled times.
But listen, friends,
I was born right at the end of World War II,
and some of you before that,
and I cannot remember a time in my lifetime
when we were more troubled than we are today
in my lifetime.
We are troubled people, but we've always had trouble.
You go back and read the Old Testament, man.
There's a lot of trouble in the Old Testament.
The apostle Paul experienced a lot of trouble.
Peter experienced trouble.
All the disciples experienced trouble.
The apostles had trouble in their lives.
We have trouble in our lives.
But he said this.
Let not your heart be troubled.
You believe in God, believe also in me.
In my Father's house are,
that's present tense, many mansions.
If it were not so, I would have told you.
I go to prepare a place for you.
Now here it is.
And if I go and prepare a place for you,
I will come again and receive you unto myself
that where I am, there you may be also.
Well, let me tell you, hallelujah.
Hallelujah for that precious promise of the word of God.
How I thank God for that promise.
Don't you?
Now let's go to 1 Timothy, or 2 Timothy rather,
in chapter four.
2 Timothy chapter four.
Now here's where I wrap up my message.
Having said all that and built a little bit of foundation,
let me show you this.
Now this is a pastoral epistle,
but also too, it's a prison epistle.
And we know that Paul was at the end of his life here.
He's about ready to be martyred for the cause of Christ.
And we look in 2 Timothy chapter four
as he gives instruction to his young son
in the faith who by this time was in his fifties.
And he says this, he said,
now look, Timothy, I charge you therefore
before God and the Lord Jesus Christ,
who shall judge the quick and the dead
and is appearing in his kingdom.
He said, now look, preach the word
and be instant in season out of season.
Whether you want to hear it or not, just preach it anyway.
Reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long-suffering.
doctrine. And what is doctrine? It's teaching. For the time will come when they will not
endure sound doctrine. Man, we are certainly living in a day that's marked by that. But
after their own lustily heaped themselves, teachers having itching ears, you know, tell
me some smooth thing, something goes down easy. Don't preach my sin. I'll tell you what,
we talk about the 70s. Boy, them brethren back there in the 70s, man, they preached
sin. I mean, they named sin. I can remember Lester Olaf, man, he named sin. Some of those
guys like J. Harold Smith, man, and B.R. Lakin, those old preachers, man, they named sin.
They called what it was and what it is. And we don't do so much of that anymore, but sometimes
it awakens people to it. You know, I think it's a funny thing that people don't want
you to name their sin. You know, and you can pretty much tell who's doing it by the countenance
that ends up when you mention their sin. I mean, it's an amazing thing. I was at church
one time and a person came up to me and said, now preacher, on the first day of the meeting,
she said, now preacher, did my pastor tell you about me? I said, no, ma'am, I don't even
know who you are. She said, my pastor must have told you about me because you said something
about me from the pulpit this morning. I said, ma'am, I don't even know who you are. Huh?
Come on. And she said, well, she said, well, you just hit my, and I said, yeah, I know
what you're going to say, but you're not going to say, well, I'm going to say I hit your
sin this morning. I preached something that didn't sit well with you because you're guilty.
I didn't know who she was, but God knows. And God pointed it out. Well, it gave her
an opportunity to get right with the Lord. So, so he says this, look, he said now in
verse 4, And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables.
But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of the evangelists, make full
proof of thy ministry. For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure
is at hand. Now he says this, I have fought a good fight. I have finished my course. I've
kept my faith. Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness. One of the
five crowns mentioned in the Bible, a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous
judge shall give me at that day, and not to me only, but unto all them also that love
is appearing. Oh, now that's precious. There's a crown of righteousness, which the apostle
Paul said that I have that crown. But I want you to know, he says, that that crown of righteousness
is also reserved for all them that love is appearing. So that's a doctrinal truth, friends.
That's what it is. And so my question is for me and for you, for all of us here this morning,
do we love His appearing? Do we love that promise? Do we love that doctrinal truth that
yes, He is coming soon? Yes, He is going to rapture us out of here. Yes, He is going to
give us a glorified body. Oh, I look forward to that. No more sickness, no more sin. Amen.
No more aches, no more pains, no more cancer, no more heart attacks, no more disease. We're
going to get that glorified body one day and look like Jesus. That's the promise of Scripture.
But the question is, do you love His appearing? Do you love His appearing? Is it something
that to you is precious? Something to you that's important? Something to you that's
not only inevitable, but also something to you that drives you and I to live the kind
of life which is pleasing to Him so that we do stand in front of Him, we're not ashamed
of Him, ashamed at His appearing. We want to not be ashamed. Do you love His appearing?
Let me read something to you and then we're going to be done. I don't even know who wrote
this. I have no idea who wrote it. It doesn't really matter. It's just true. And I just
happened to pick this up somewhere. It says, But unto all them also that love is appearing.
For many years, this guy writes, for many years I thought this expression referred to
those believers who had kindly sentimental feelings about the coming of the Lord. They
would be rewarded with the crown of righteousness because their hearts glowed warm when they
thought about the rapture. Now, friends, you know what he's saying here. I understand
what he's saying. That's just really not all that there is to this. But I mean it does
make you kind of excited if you think about it. But surely it means more than this. To
love His appearing means to live in the light of His coming to behave as if He were coming
today. Thus to love His appearing means to live in moral purity. To love His appearing
means to live in moral purity. For as John reminds us, And every man that hath this hope
in him purified himself even as he is pure. I read that this morning. It means to stay
disentangled from the things of this life. We should set our affections on things above,
not on things on the earth, Colossians 3.2. In short, it means that we won't do anything
that we would not want to be found doing when He appears. We would not go anywhere that
would cause shame at His coming. We would not say anything that would be offensive in
His presence. If you knew that Christ were coming in a week, well, how would you spend
the intervening days? Does it mean that you would give up your job, go to a mountaintop
and spend all day reading the Bible and praying? Does it mean that you would go into full-time
Christian work, preaching and teaching day and night? If we are really walking with the
Lord today and living in the center of His will, it would mean carrying on as usual.
However, we are living for self, then it would require, if we're living for self, then it
would require some revolutionary changes. It's not enough to have kind thoughts about
the Savior's return. The crown of righteousness is reserved for those who love it enough to
let the truth mold their lives. It's not to hold the truth about His coming, the truth
must hold us. World events are soon to culminate in the outtaking of the saints at the trump
and shout. The prophetic clock is right on schedule. The Lord Jesus is coming soon and
not tarry. Are you ready? Do you have that upper look of expectation? Are you prayed
up, packed up and ready to go up? Now, here's a quick illustration and I'm going to pray.
Let's just suppose that you were a young college man living in a little apartment. And let
me say this, I know this from personal experience, most young men are not necessarily real tidy.
They're bachelors. There's no wife around to keep things straightened out for them,
amen? They're living in a room by themselves, got a nice little apartment and the place
is trashed. They've got piles of laundry that haven't been washed in two months. There's
so much dirt in the carpets you could grow potatoes there. Dishes piled up in the sink
that need to be washed and bacteria just growing like crazy all over the dishes. Socks
on the floor and beds not made and all the rest of that. So you get a phone call from
somebody and they say, listen, I'm in town. I'm about an hour out and I want to stop by
and see you. I won't stay long, just want to stop by and see you. And you say, uh, okay.
And you hang up. Now, now you've got to go to work tidying up that place and getting
it somewhat respectable so that when your friend comes by to see you, that things look
pretty good. It's a last minute thing. So you know what you're going to do? You're going
to hide everything. You're going to cover up, make it look as good as you can by hiding
stuff. You shove all the dirty laundry under the bed. You take the dirty dishes and everything
that's in your sink and you put it underneath in the cupboard. By the way, it's not going
to go away by itself. You make your bed best you can and you try to put your place in order
for this last minute visit. Well, I'm afraid that's the way a lot of God's people are.
They're living disorderly lives and then they say to themselves, well, at the last minute
if I knew Jesus were coming this week, I'd get everything cleaned up. That is not the
way to live. That's a terrible way to live. It's a miserable way to live. And by the way,
in the book of James in chapter one, it talks about that being a form of self-deception.
You're just deceiving yourself. You can't live like that and not think God doesn't see
it. You can't hide that stuff from God. And when he comes, he's not going to say, well,
praise the Lord. I see you got cleaned up in the last week of here on the face of the
earth and now you're here with me and everything. You got everything straightened out. No, no.
God wants us to live right all the time so that when he does come, we're prepared and
ready. And then it just shows we love his appearing because we know when he's coming,
he's going to come. He is going to come. It's better to be ready. Better to be ready. That's
a motivator. I don't want him to find me living dirty. What's the last thing you listen to?
What's the last thing you watch? What's the last thing you said? What's the last thing you did
before the Trump? I said one meeting, wouldn't it be a terrible thing to say,
by the grace of God, I'm talking to the fellows a lot about.
about this, wouldn't it be horrible if you say,
by the grace of God, the last thing you were doing
was looking at pornography on your computer?
I mean, that's not really demonstrating
a love of His appearing, is it?
Your home was not swept and garnished and kept clean,
so because of that, you're gonna have to answer for it.
I mean, I don't wanna have to answer for that.
I don't wanna answer for my thought life.
But we all have a problem with that.
Don't say you don't, because you do.
We all have a problem sometimes with that thought life.
What were we thinking when He came?
What are you thinking right now?
Do you love His appearing, are you ready?
Are you saved, and do you know that?
And if you are, are you living for Him
and ready for a soon return?
Only you can answer that question.
Let's all stand, would you stand with me, please?
Our sister's coming to play the instrument.
With everybody standing, with heads bowed,
knives closed, if you will, please.
I wanna have a season of imitation.
The pastor's here, and if you need to speak with him
this morning, he's here, or with me,
or with any leaders in the church,
but we're here if we can help you
with anything this morning.
But first off, let me ask this.
You're saved, do you know you're saved?
Is there a time and place in your life
marked by a distinct change,
where you became a new creature in Christ,
having believed the gospel in your heart,
the death, burn, and resurrection of Jesus Christ,
the bodily resurrection of the Savior,
having believed that in your heart,
you've been in the Calvary,
you've been washed in the blood of the Lamb,
your sins have been forgiven, blotted out,
and washed away in your name
written in the Lamb's Book of Life,
marked by a distinct change,
where you realized and believed and knew
and understood you were saved.
If you don't have that testimony,
you ought to come this morning
and let us show you from the Bible
how you can come to Christ.
But Christian, how about you?
Are you ready?
Do your love is appearing?
Are you right with God?
Is there sin in your life
that needs to be resolved today?
If my people which are called by my name
will humble themselves and pray and seek my face
and turn from their wicked ways,
then will I hear from heaven,
then will I forgive their sin,
and then will I heal their land.
That promise given to the nation of Israel
also has a practical application to you and me this morning.
As the instrument begins to play,
God speak in your heart, just step out and come.
This old-fashioned gospel order's open this morning.
God speak in your heart, just come.